TELCODOCS-2191 - Known Issues release note - 4.19 telco RAN (#94344)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-telco-ran-4-19-known-issues_{context}"]

> * In the event of a crash, the `mlx5_core` NIC driver causes an OOM issue and `kdump` does not save the vmcore file in `/var/crash`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the event of a crash, the `mlx5_core` NIC driver causes an out-of-memory issue and `kdump` does not save the `vmcore` file in `/var/crash`.
```
eh, be easier to read without the OOM acronym for a user
`vmcore` backticked below, missed backticks here
